.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii tyrquake.6
.\"
.TH TYRQUAKE 6 "TYR_VERSION"
.SH NAME
tyr\-quake, tyr\-glquake, tyr\-qwcl, tyr\-glqwcl, tyr\-qwsv \-
Client and server programs for the computer game \fBQuake\fP
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBtyr\-quake\fP   [\-\fIOPTION\fP [\fIarg\fP]]... [+\fICOMMAND\fP [\fIarg\fP]]...
.br
\fBtyr\-glquake\fP [\-\fIOPTION\fP [\fIarg\fP]]... [+\fICOMMAND\fP [\fIarg\fP]]...
.br
\fBtyr\-qwcl\fP    [\-\fIOPTION\fP [\fIarg\fP]]... [+\fICOMMAND\fP [\fIarg\fP]]...
.br
\fBtyr\-glqwcl\fP  [\-\fIOPTION\fP [\fIarg\fP]]... [+\fICOMMAND\fP [\fIarg\fP]]...
.br
\fBtyr\-qwsv\fP    [\-\fIOPTION\fP [\fIarg\fP]]... [+\fICOMMAND\fP [\fIarg\fP]]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBTyrQuake\fP is a port of \fIid Software\fP's \fBQuake\fP engine which
attempts to maintain the original look and feel of the game while also
providing support for modern platforms and user created content.

Currently \fBTyrQuake\fP is implemented as five separate programs; two
NetQuake clients (\fBtyr\-quake\fP and \fBtyr\-glquake\fP), two Quakeworld
clients (\fBtyr\-qwcl\fP and \fBtyr\-glqwcl\fP) and a Quakeworld server
(\fBtyr\-qwsv\fP). The 'gl' notation indicates the OpenGL accelerated clients
and the non-gl versions use a software-only renderer.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\-heapsize n, \-mem n\fP"
Specifies the size of Quake's internal memory heap.  For historical reasons,
when using \fB\-heapsize\fP n is specified in kB and when using \fB-mem\fP n
is specified in MB.  Default 128MB.
.IP "\fB\-zone\fP"
Specifies the amount of memory in kB to reserve for Quake's dynamic memory
allocator.  Default 256kB.
.IP "\fB\-minmemory\fP"
Allocate only a minimal sized heap for Quake. If playing standard
quake (\fB\-game\fP \fIid1\fP) this is ~5.5MB, otherwise ~15.5MB.
Probably only useful for testing purposes.

.IP "\fB\-basedir\fP \fIdirectory\fP"
Specify the base directory where the Quake data is located.  The default is OS
and distribution dependent.
.IP "\fB\-game\fP \fIdirectory\fP"
Specify a game directory under \fIbasedir\fP to search for game data. Default
is \fIid1\fP.  If this option is specified, then the given \fIdirectory\fP
will be searched first, followed by \fIid1\fP.
.IP "\fB\-path\fP \fIdirectory\fP... (tyr-quake,tyr-glquake only)"
Specify multiple directories to search for game data. Later directories
override earlier ones (i.e. the ones given last on the command line have
highest priority).
.IP "\fB\-rogue\fP"
Set up game directories and customised HUD for use with the Rogue expansion
pack "Dissolution of Eternity".
.IP "\fB\-hipnotic\fP"
Set up game directories and customised HUD for use with the Hipnotic expansion
pack "Scourge of Armagon".

.IP "\fB\-window, \-w\fP"
Start the game in windowed mode.
.IP "\fB\-width n, \-height n\fP"
Specify the width and/or height of the game window in pixels.
.IP "\fB\-conwidth n, \-conheight n\fP (tyr-glquake,tyr-glqwcl only)"
Can be used to specify a different resolution for the console so that the game
can be rendered in high resolution without making the console text too
small. For best results, make sure conwidth evenly divides width (and
conheight, height). E.g. \fB\-width\fP \fI1280\fP \fB\-conwidth\fP \fI640\fP.
.IP "\fB\-bpp n\fP (tyr-glquake,tyr-glqwcl Windows only)"
Request an OpenGL context with the specified bits-per-pixel.
.IP "\fB\-nomtex\fP"
Disable use of OpenGL Multitexture extenstions.
.IP "\fB\-nonpot\fP"
Disable use of OpenGL non-power-of-two textures.  Textures will be stretched
or padded to power-of two sizes as needed.
.IP "\fB\-gamma n\fP"
Set the video gamma value. Default 1.0.
.IP "\fB\-fullsbar\fP (tyr-glquake,tyr-glqwcl Windows only)"
Work around for buggy use of double/triple buffers and glClear.  Force the
renderer to redraw the full status bar every frame.
.IP "\fB\-noautostrectch\fP (tyr-quake,tyr-qwcl Windows only)"
By default Quake will try to adjust up the default video mode and select a
resolution appropriate for your monitor resolution. Use this command line
switch to prevent this behaviour.
.IP "\fB\-resetwinpos\fP (tyr-quake,tyr-qwcl Windows only)"
By default Quake will try to remember the previous window position and place
the window in the same position.  Specify this command line option to reset
the window position to the top left corner of the screen.

.IP "\fB\-nomouse\fP"
Disable mouse input.
.IP "\fB\-nodinput\fP (Windows only)"
Disable direct input.
.IP "\fB\-noforcemspd\fP (Windows only)"
Don't reset the mouse speed while the game is active.
.IP "\fB\-moforcemaccel\fP (Windows only)"
Don't disable mouse acceleration while the game is active.
.IP "\fB\-noforcemparms\fP (Windows only)"
Don't change mouse parameters at all while the game is active.
.IP "\fB\-nojoy\fP (Windows only)"
Disable joystick input.

.IP "\fB\-cddev dev\fP (Linux/BSD only)"
Set the cd device filname to dev. Default /dev/cdrom.
.IP "\fB\-nocdaudio\fP"
Disable CD audio.
.IP "\fB\-nosound\fP"
Disable sound support.
.IP "\fB\-simsound\fP"
Disable sound output, but still perform all mixing. For testing purposes only.
.IP "\fB\-sndbits n\fP (Linux, OSS only)"
Specify number of bits per sample for sound output format, 8 or 16. Default 8.
.IP "\fB\-sndspeed n (Linux, OSS only)\fP"
Specify sample speed for sound output. Default 11025.
.IP "\fB\-sndmono\fP (Linux, BSD only)"
Request only a single channel for sound output.
.IP "\fB\-sndstereo (Linux, BSD only)\fP"
Request stereo sound output channels (Default).
.IP "\fB\-snoforceformat\fP (Windows only)"
Do not try to set the sound format of the primary sound buffer (Direct Sound).
.IP "\fB\-primarysound\fP (Windows only)"
Mix directly into the primary sound buffer. By default, Quake will set up and
use a secondary sound buffer.
.IP "\fB\-wavonly\fP (Windows only)"
Do not initialize direct sound, use the Windows media API only.

.IP "\fB\-surfcachesize n\fP"
Explicitly set the size of the surface cache (in kB) used by the software
renderer.  By default Quake will automatically calculate a suitable size for
the screen resolution selected.
.IP "\fB\-particles n\fP"
Set the maximum number of particles supported by the renderer.  It can be
useful to increase this if debugging a leak in a map where the pointfile is
very large.  Default 2048.
.IP "\fB\-lm_1, \-lm_a, \-lm_i, \-lm_2, \-lm_4\fP (DEPRECATED)"
Specify the lightmap format used by OpenGL. \fB\-lm_1\fP => GL_LUMINANCE,
\fB\-lm_a\fP => GL_ALPHA, \fB\-lm_i\fP => GL_INTENSITY, \fB\-lm_2\fP =>
GL_RGBA4, \fB\-lm_4\fP => GL_RGBA. Default is GL_LUMINANCE.

.IP "\fB\-cheats\fP (tyr-qwsv only)"
Enable clients to send cheat commands.
.IP "\fB\-developer\fP"
Sets the \fBdeveloper\fP console variable to 1. Useful for getting developer
debug messages early in the init process, before config.cfg and autoexec.cfg
have been executed.
.IP "\fB\-condebug\fP"
Causes Quake to append all console messages to a file \fIqconsole.log\fP in
the current game directory. By default the log is not written.
.IP "\fB\-noconinput\fP (Linux, BSD only)"
Disables console input from stdin.
.IP "\fB\-nostdout\fP"
Disables console output on stdout.
.IP "\fB\-dedicated [n]\fP (tyr-quake, tyr-glquake only)"
Start the engine in dedicated server mode (server only, no client) supporting
up to \fIn\fP clients (\fIn\fP must be between 1 and 16). If \fB\-dedicated\fP
is the last command line argument, then the server will default to supporting
8 clients.
.IP "\fB\-listen [n]\fP (tyr-quake, tyr-glquake only)"
Start the engine in listen mode (both client and server) supporting up to
\fIn\fP clients (\fIn\fP must be between 1 and 16). If \fB\-listen\fP is not
specified, then the server will support up to 4 clients. If \fB\-listen\fP is
specified as the last command line argument, then the server will default to
supporting 8 clients.
.IP "\fB\-nolan\fP (tyr-quake, tyr-glquake only)"
Disable LAN support.
.IP "\fB\-port n\fP"
Set the UDP port that the LAN server will listen on.
.IP "\fB\-udpport\fP (tyr-quake, tyr-glquake only)"
Same as \fB\-port\fP.
.IP "\fB\-noifscan\fP (Linux/BSD only)"
By default Quake will attempt to scan the network interfaces on the host in
order to guess the local IP address (needed for Quake's default network
protocols). In case this causes problems, this command line parameter can be
used to disable interface scanning.
.IP "\fB\-localip ip\fP"
Specify the local IP address to use for network play. Use in conjunction with
the \fB\-noifscan\fP on Unix/BSD platforms if Quake incorrectly detects the
local IP address.
.IP "\fB\-noudp\fP (tyr-quake, tyr-glquake only)"
Disables UDP networking. Essentially the same effect as \fB\-nolan\fP.

.IP "\fB\-HFILE n, \-HPARENT n, \-HCHILD n\fP (tyr-quake, tyr-glquake, Windows only)"
Originally intended for \fBQHost\fP, which as I understand provides a function
similar to screen/tmux on unix for the Quake console.  You probably don't want
to use this (and it probably doesn't even work anymore!)

.SH "CONSOLE COMMANDS"

.IP "\fBcd\fP [command] [arguments]"
Passes commands to the CD audio subsystem.  Sub-commands are listed below.
.RS
.IP "\fBon\fP"
Enable the CD audio subsystem.
.IP "\fBoff\fP"
Disable the CD audio subsystem.
.IP "\fBplay n\fP" 
Play CD audio track \fIn\fP.
.IP "\fBloop n\fP"
Play CD audio track \fIn\fP in a loop.
.IP "\fBstop\fP"
Stop playing CD audio.
.IP "\fBpause\fP"
Pause CD audio playback.
.IP "\fBresume\fP"
Resume playing CD audio (if currently paused).
.IP "\fBeject\fP"
Eject the CD media.
.IP "\fBclose\fP"
Request the CD tray to close.
.IP "\fBremap x y\fP"
Given two track numbers \fIx\fP and \fIy\fP, remap a CD track number such that
a request to play track \fIx\fP will result in real track \fIy\fP being
played.  Remappings can be reset with the \fIcd reset\fP command.
.IP "\fBreset\fP"
Stop playing audio, remove any CD track remappings and re-read the CD table of
contents.
.IP "\fBinfo\fP"
Displays number of tracks on the currently loaded CD, which track is currently
playing or paused (if any) and the current CD audio volume.
.RE
.IP "\fBstuffcmds\fP"
.IP "\fBexec\fP"
.IP "\fBecho\fP"
.IP "\fBalias\fP"
.IP "\fBwait\fP"
.IP "\fBcmd\fP"
.IP "\fBpath\fP"
.IP "\fBtoggleconsole\fP"
.IP "\fBmessagemode\fP"
.IP "\fBmessagemode2\fP"
.IP "\fBclear\fP"
.IP "\fBmaplist\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_texturemode\fP"
.IP "\fBenvmap\fP"
.IP "\fBpointfile\fP"
.IP "\fBtimerefresh\fP"
.IP "\fBforce_centerview\fP"
.IP "\fBjoyadvancedupdate\fP"
.IP "\fBbind\fP"
.IP "\fBunbind\fP"
.IP "\fBunbindall\fP"
.IP "\fBpvscache\fP"
.IP "\fBedict\fP"
.IP "\fBedicts\fP"
.IP "\fBedictcount\fP"
.IP "\fBprofile\fP"
.IP "\fBscreenshot\fP"
.IP "\fBsizeup\fP"
.IP "\fBsizedown\fP"
.IP "\fBsnap\fP"
.IP "\fBplay\fP"
.IP "\fBplayvol\fP"
.IP "\fBstopsound\fP"
.IP "\fBsoundlist\fP"
.IP "\fBsoundinfo\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_describemodes\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_nummodes\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_describecurrentmode\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_describemode\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_describemodes\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_forcemode\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_windowed\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_fullscreen\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_minimize\fP"
.IP "\fBflush\fP"
.IP "\fBhunk print|printall\fP"
Print information about internal memory allocations on the hunk.  If
the argument \fIprint\fP is given, sequential allocations with the
same hunk tag are totaled into one line.  If the \fIprintall\fP
argument is given, details for every individual allocation are
printed.
.IP "\fBzone print|printall\fP"
Print information about memory allocations in the zone allocator.  If
the argument \fIprint\fP is given, only summary statistics are
printed.  If the \fIprintall\fP argument is given, information about
every memory block in the zone is printed.
.IP "\fBcache\fP"
.IP "\fB+moveup, \-moveup\fP"
.IP "\fB+movedown, \-movedown\fP"
.IP "\fB+left, \-left\fP"
.IP "\fB+right, \-right\fP"
.IP "\fB+forward, \-forward\fP"
.IP "\fB+back, \-back\fP"
.IP "\fB+lookup, \-lookup\fP"
.IP "\fB+lookdown, \-lookdown\fP"
.IP "\fB+strafe, \-strafe\fP"
.IP "\fB+moveleft, \-moveleft\fP"
.IP "\fB+moveright, \-moveright\fP"
.IP "\fB+speed, \-speed\fP"
.IP "\fB+attack, \-attack\fP"
.IP "\fB+use, \-use\fP"
.IP "\fB+jump, \-jump\fP"
.IP "\fB+klook, \-klook\fP"
.IP "\fB+mlook, \-mlook\fP"
When the mlook key is depressed, mouse movement controls the view
orientation instead of direction of movement.  If cvar "m_freelook" is
1, then the reverse is true, with mouse look enabled by default and
the mlook key activates mouse movement instead.
.IP "\fBimpulse\fP"
.IP "\fBentities\fP"
.IP "\fBdisconnect\fP"
.IP "\fBrecord\fP"
.IP "\fBstop\fP"
.IP "\fBplaydemo\fP"
.IP "\fBtimedemo\fP"
.IP "\fBmcache\fP"
.IP "\fBstatus\fP"
.IP "\fBquit\fP"
.IP "\fBgod\fP"
.IP "\fBnotarget\fP"
.IP "\fBfly\fP"
.IP "\fBrestart\fP"
.IP "\fBmap\fP"
.IP "\fBchangelevel\fP"
.IP "\fBconnect\fP"
.IP "\fBreconnect\fP"
.IP "\fBname\fP"
.IP "\fBnoclip\fP"
.IP "\fBversion\fP"
.IP "\fBsay\fP"
.IP "\fBsay_team\fP"
.IP "\fBtell\fP"
.IP "\fBcolor\fP"
.IP "\fBkill\fP"
.IP "\fBpause\fP"
.IP "\fBspawn\fP"
.IP "\fBbegin\fP"
.IP "\fBprespawn\fP"
.IP "\fBkick\fP"
.IP "\fBping\fP"
.IP "\fBload\fP"
.IP "\fBsave\fP"
.IP "\fBgive\fP"
.IP "\fBstartdemos\fP"
.IP "\fBdemos\fP"
.IP "\fBstopdemo\fP"
.IP "\fBviewmodel\fP"
.IP "\fBviewframe\fP"
.IP "\fBviewnext\fP"
.IP "\fBviewprev\fP"
.IP "\fBtogglemenu\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_main\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_singleplayer\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_load\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_save\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_multiplayer\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_setup\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_options\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_keys\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_video\fP"
.IP "\fBhelp\fP"
.IP "\fBmenu_quit\fP"
.IP "\fBnet_stats\fP"
.IP "\fBban\fP"
.IP "\fBtest\fP"
.IP "\fBtest2\fP"
.IP "\fBslist\fP"
.IP "\fBlisten\fP"
.IP "\fBmaxplayers\fP"
.IP "\fBport\fP"
.IP "\fB+showscores, \-showscores\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_protocol\fP"
.IP "\fBv_cshift\fP"
.IP "\fBbf\fP"
.IP "\fBcenterview\fP"
.IP "\fBchanging\fP"
.IP "\fBrerecord\fP"
.IP "\fBskins\fP"
.IP "\fBallskins\fP"
.IP "\fBrcon\fP"
.IP "\fBpacket\fP"
.IP "\fBuser\fP"
.IP "\fBusers\fP"
.IP "\fBsetinfo\fP"
.IP "\fBfullinfo\fP"
.IP "\fBfullserverinfo\fP"
.IP "\fBdownload\fP"
.IP "\fBnextul\fP"
.IP "\fBstopul\fP"
.IP "\fBserverinfo\fP"
.IP "\fBwindows\fP"
.IP "\fB+showteamscores, \-showteamscores\fP"
.IP "\fBlogfile\fP"
.IP "\fBfraglogfile\fP"
.IP "\fBsnapall\fP"
.IP "\fBsetmaster\fP"
.IP "\fBheartbeat\fP"
.IP "\fBlocalinfo\fP"
.IP "\fBgamedir\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_gamedir\fP"
.IP "\fBfloodprot\fP"
.IP "\fBfloodprotmsg\fP"
.IP "\fBaddip ip\fP[\fB/mask\fP]"
Add an IP filter to drop packets from the specified IP address or network. IP
addresses are specified in the standard form \fIA.B.C.D\fP.  A network can be
specified using a netmask length, e.g. \fBaddip 10.10.10.0/24\fP or by giving
only the first one, two or three octets; e.g. \fBaddip 10.10.10\fP.
.IP "\fBremoveip ip\fP[\fB/mask\fP]"
Remove an IP address or network from the IP filter list.  Note that if an IP
address is filtered as part of a network filter, you can only un-filter the IP
by removing the network filter.
.IP "\fBlistip\fP"
Show the current IP filter list.
.IP "\fBwriteip\fP"
Writes commands to re-construct the current IP filter list to the file
listip.cfg which can later be restored with 'exec listip.cfg'.

.SH "CONSOLE VARIABLES"

.IP "\fBbgmvolume\fP"
Set volume level for background music.  Valid values are between 0 (off) and 1
(full volume).  Default 1.
.IP "\fBregistered\fP"
.IP "\fBcmdline\fP"
.IP "\fBcon_notifytime\fP"
.IP "\fBd_subdiv16\fP"
.IP "\fBd_mipcap\fP"
.IP "\fBd_mipscale\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_nobind\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_picmip\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_constretch\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_max_size\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_npot\fP"
If 1, allow use of non-power-of-two sized textures in OpenGL (if the ARB
extension is advertised).  Set to zero to force stretching/padding of textures
to power-of-two sizes.  Default 1.
.IP "\fBr_lockpvs\fP"
.IP "\fBr_lockfrustum\fP"
.IP "\fBr_drawflat\fP"
.IP "\fBr_speeds\fP"
.IP "\fBr_fullbright\fP"
.IP "\fBr_drawentities\fP"
.IP "\fBr_drawviewmodel\fP"
.IP "\fBr_lerpmodels 0\fP|\fB1\fP (tyr-quake,tyr-glquake only)"
If 1, smooth out animation of alias models by interpolating between
animation frames. If enabling this setting, it is recommended to enable
r_lerpmove as well. Default 0.
.IP "\fBr_lerpmove 0\fP|\fB1\fP"
If 1, interpolate movement of alias model entities. Default 0.
.IP "\fBr_norefresh\fP"
.IP "\fBr_lightmap\fP"
.IP "\fBr_shadows\fP"
.IP "\fBr_mirroralpha\fP"
.IP "\fBr_wateralpha\fP"
.IP "\fBr_dynamic\fP"
.IP "\fBr_novis\fP"
.IP "\fBr_waterwarp\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_finish\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_clear\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_texsort\fP"
.IP "\fB_gl_allowgammafallback\fP"
.IP "\fB_gl_drawhull\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_cull\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_smoothmodels\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_affinemodels\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_polyblend\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_flashblend\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_playermip\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_nocolors\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_keeptjunctions\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_reporttjunctions\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_doubleeyes\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_zfix\fP"
If 1, implements a workaround for z-fighting where world and brush
models co-incide (e.g. the elevator to the E1M1 quad secret).  Causes
some undesirable side effects such as cracks or ridges where brush
models and the world would otherwise meet flush.  Default 0.
.IP "\fBr_netgraph\fP"
.IP "\fBin_snd_block\fP"
.IP "\fBm_filter\fP"
.IP "\fB_windowed_mouse\fP"
.IP "\fBin_cfg_unbindall\fP"
If 1, write an \fIunbindall\fP command before saving key bindings to
config.cfg, so that any explicitly unbound keys are no longer restored
to their defaults after reloading the engine. Default 1.
.IP "\fBin_joystick\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_name\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advanced\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advaxisx\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advaxisy\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advaxisz\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advaxisr\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advaxisu\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_advaxisv\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_forwardthreshold\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_sidethreshold\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_pitchthreshold\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_yawthreshold\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_forwardsensitivity\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_sidesensitivity\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_pitchsensitivity\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_yawsensitivity\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_wwhack1\fP"
.IP "\fBjoy_wwhack2\fP"
.IP "\fBin_dgamouse\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_subdivide_size\fP"
.IP "\fBnomonsters\fP"
.IP "\fBgamecfg\fP"
.IP "\fBscratch1\fP"
.IP "\fBscratch2\fP"
.IP "\fBscratch3\fP"
.IP "\fBscratch4\fP"
.IP "\fBsavedgamecfg\fP"
.IP "\fBsaved1\fP"
.IP "\fBsaved2\fP"
.IP "\fBsaved3\fP"
.IP "\fBsaved4\fP"
.IP "\fBr_draworder\fP"
.IP "\fBr_speeds\fP"
.IP "\fBr_graphheight\fP"
.IP "\fBr_clearcolor\fP"
.IP "\fBr_waterwarp\fP"
.IP "\fBr_drawentities\fP"
.IP "\fBr_drawviewmodel\fP"
.IP "\fBr_drawflat\fP"
.IP "\fBr_ambient\fP"
.IP "\fBr_numsurfs\fP"
.IP "\fBr_numedges\fP"
.IP "\fBr_timegraph\fP"
.IP "\fBr_aliasstats\fP"
.IP "\fBr_dspeeds\fP"
.IP "\fBr_reportsurfout\fP"
.IP "\fBr_maxsurfs\fP"
.IP "\fBr_reportedgeout\fP"
.IP "\fBr_maxedges\fP"
.IP "\fBr_aliastransbase\fP"
.IP "\fBr_aliastransadj\fP"
.IP "\fBr_netgraph\fP"
.IP "\fBr_zgraph\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_fov\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_viewsize\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_conspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_showram\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_showturtle\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_showpause\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_centertime\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_printspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBshow_fps\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_triplebuffer\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_allowsnap\fP"
.IP "\fBnosound\fP"
.IP "\fBvolume\fP"
.IP "\fBprecache\fP"
.IP "\fBloadas8bit\fP"
.IP "\fBbgmbuffer\fP"
.IP "\fBambient_level\fP"
.IP "\fBambient_fade\fP"
.IP "\fBsnd_noextraupdate\fP"
.IP "\fBsnd_show\fP"
.IP "\fB_snd_mixahead\fP"
.IP "\fBsys_nostdout\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_mode\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_ztrick\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_wait\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_nopageflip\fP"
.IP "\fB_vid_wait_override\fP"
.IP "\fB_vid_default_mode\fP"
.IP "\fB_vid_default_mode_win\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_fullscreen_mode\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_windowed_mode\fP"
.IP "\fBblock_switch\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_window_x\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_window_y\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_config_x\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_config_y\fP"
.IP "\fBvid_stretch_by_2\fP"
.IP "\fBhost_framerate\fP"
.IP "\fBchase_back\fP"
.IP "\fBchase_up\fP"
.IP "\fBchase_right\fP"
.IP "\fBchase_active\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_name\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_color\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_upspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_forwardspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_forwardspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_backspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_sidespeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_movespeedkey\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_yawspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_pitchspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_anglespeedkey\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_run\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_shownet\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_nolerp\fP"
.IP "\fBlookspring\fP"
.IP "\fBlookstrafe\fP"
.IP "\fBsensitivity\fP"
.IP "\fBm_pitch\fP"
.IP "\fBm_yaw\fP"
.IP "\fBm_forward\fP"
.IP "\fBm_side\fP"
.IP "\fBm_freelook\fP"
If 1, view orientation is controlled by mouse and the "mouse look" key
(+mlook) has the inverse effect of temporarily disabling free look
mode while depressed.
.IP "\fBhost_speeds\fP"
.IP "\fBsys_ticrate\fP"
.IP "\fBserverprofile\fP"
.IP "\fBfraglimit\fP"
.IP "\fBtimelimit\fP"
.IP "\fBteamplay\fP"
.IP "\fBsamelevel\fP"
.IP "\fBnoexit\fP"
.IP "\fBskill\fP"
.IP "\fBdeathmatch\fP"
.IP "\fBcoop\fP"
.IP "\fBpausable\fP"
.IP "\fBtemp1\fP"
.IP "\fBdeveloper\fP"
.IP "\fBnet_messagetimeout\fP"
.IP "\fBhostname\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_maxvelocity\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_gravity\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_friction\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_edgefriction\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_stopspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_maxspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_accelerate\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_idealpitchscale\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_aim\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_nostep\fP"
.IP "\fBv_centermove\fP"
.IP "\fBv_centerspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBv_iyaw_cycle\fP"
.IP "\fBv_iroll_cycle\fP"
.IP "\fBv_ipitch_cycle\fP"
.IP "\fBv_iyaw_level\fP"
.IP "\fBv_iroll_level\fP"
.IP "\fBv_ipitch_level\fP"
.IP "\fBv_idlescale\fP"
.IP "\fBcrosshair\fP"
.IP "\fBcrosshaircolor\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_crossx\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_crossy\fP"
.IP "\fBgl_cshiftpercent\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_ofsx\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_ofsy\fP"
.IP "\fBscr_ofsz\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_rollspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_rollangle\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_bob\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_bobcycle\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_bobup\fP"
.IP "\fBv_kicktime\fP"
.IP "\fBv_kickroll\fP"
.IP "\fBv_kickpitch\fP"
.IP "\fBv_gamma\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_hightrack\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_chasecam\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_nodelta\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_warncmd\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_sbar\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_hudswap\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_maxfps\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_timeout\fP"
.IP "\fBrcon_password\fP"
.IP "\fBrcon_address\fP"
.IP "\fBentlatency\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_predict_players\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_predict_players2\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_solid_players\fP"
.IP "\fBlocalid\fP"
.IP "\fBbaseskin\fP"
.IP "\fBnoskins\fP"
.IP "\fBpassword\fP"
.IP "\fBspectator\fP"
.IP "\fBskin\fP"
.IP "\fBteam\fP"
.IP "\fBtopcolor\fP"
.IP "\fBbottomcolor\fP"
.IP "\fBrate\fP"
.IP "\fBmsg\fP"
.IP "\fBnoaim\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_pushlatency\fP"
.IP "\fBcl_nopred\fP"
.IP "\fBv_contentblend\fP"
.IP "\fBshowpackets\fP"
.IP "\fBshowdrop\fP"
.IP "\fBqport\fP"
.IP "\fBspectator_password\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_mintic\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_maxtic\fP"
.IP "\fBmaxclients\fP"
.IP "\fBmaxspectators\fP"
.IP "\fBwatervis\fP"
.IP "\fBzombietime\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_spectatormaxspeed\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_airaccelerate\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_wateraccelerate\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_waterfriction\fP"
.IP "\fBfilterban\fP"
.IP "\fBallow_download\fP"
.IP "\fBallow_download_skins\fP"
.IP "\fBallow_download_models\fP"
.IP "\fBallow_download_sounds\fP"
.IP "\fBallow_download_maps\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_highchars\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_phs\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_spectalk\fP"
.IP "\fBsv_mapcheck\fP"
.IP "\fBsys_extrasleep\fP"

.SH FILES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2013 Kevin Shanahan
.br
Copyright (C) 1997 id Software
.PP
License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later
.br
<http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl2.html>.
.PP
This is free software:  you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
